
### Lab 1 - David Rivera


1. please explain every line of this Makefile:

``make
    CC=g++ # The actual C compiler to utilize.
    CFLAGS=-I # Specifies additional Include dirs
    CFLAGS+=-Wall # Show all warnings
    CFLAGS+=-c # Dump obj files
    AR=ar # binary to create library archives

    pidUtil: pidUtil.cpp # make rule: Run the command below when the specified files are mutated.
        $(CC) $(CFLAGS) pidUtil.cpp -o pidUtil.o # Generate object files for the given src files
    lib: pidUtil.o # Rule to create static lib
        $(AR) rcs libPidUtil.a pidUtil.o # Create static lib
    clean: rm -f *.o *.a # clean any intermidiate files generated by the other rules
        
    install: # Move the .a and .h files for easier linking with other programs.
        cp libPidUtil.a ../.
        cp pidUtil.h ../.

    all: pidUtil lib # Rule to compile all targets
```

2. My answers to the declarations:

    - D1: How much did you use generative AI to complete this
    assignment? 
        *Answer*: 2, very minimally. I mainly ran into problems trying to link the static lib in matrix. So I used AI to debug that output, the error ended up being some gcc incompatibility with the compiled abi.

     - D2: How confident are you in your understanding of the
    generative AI support you utilized in this assignment, and in your ability to explain it if
    questioned?
        *Answer*: 5. Very confident as the reason I used it in the first place was merely to understand certain cli flags on top of gcc and the nature of its errors Therefore, I'm very confident on explaining them.


-----

**Walkthrough VIDEO LINK**: https://youtu.be/a1QbMrYX4G8
